feat(EVS): EVS support GPSSD2 and ESSD2 volume type (#3217)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/evs_volume.md

* `availability_zone` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the availability zone for the disk. Changing this creates
  a new disk.

* `volume_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the disk type. Valid values are as follows:
  + **SAS**: High I/O type.
  + **SSD**: Ultra-high I/O type.
  + **GPSSD**: General purpose SSD type.
  + **ESSD**: Extreme SSD type.
  + **GPSSD2**: General purpose SSD V2 type.
  + **ESSD2**: Extreme SSD V2 type.

  -> If the specified disk type is not available in the AZ, the disk will fail to create.
  The volume type **ESSD2** only support in postpaid charging mode.

>   Changing this creates a new disk.

Reviewer: the **Note** section should be the last part of the description of a parameter, so I suggest put this line in L54

```md
* `volume_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the disk type. Changing this creates a new disk. Valid values are as follows:
```

Author: OK

* `iops` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the IOPS(Input/Output Operations Per Second) for the volume.
  The field is required when `volume_type` is set to **GPSSD2** or **ESSD2**.

>   The field cannot be specified when `volume_type` is set to other disk types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The field is valid and required when `volume_type` is set to **GPSSD2** or **ESSD2**.
```

Author: OK

  + If `volume_type` is set to **GPSSD2**. The field `iops` ranging from 3,000 to 128,000.
    This IOPS must also be less than or equal to 500 multiplying the capacity.

  + If `volume_type` is set to **ESSD2**. The field `iops` ranging from 100 to 256,000.
    This IOPS must also be less than or equal to 1000 multiplying the capacity.

  Changing this creates a new disk.

> * `throughput` - (Optional, Int, ForceNew) Specifies the throughput for the system disk. The Unit is MiB/s.

Reviewer: why is this parameter special for **system** disk?

Author: It should be volume
